since tonight is a night on which we'll
be focused on a twitter battle I thought
it would be appropriate to introduce
another edition of our popular segment
mean tweets this is where we ask
celebrities to read some of the terrible
things people write about them on
Twitter we do this as a public service
and tonight in honor of Kanye West's
appearance we bring you a special
musician edition of mean tweets
I hate when people ask me why I hate
Selena Gomez like I just do John Legend
seems like he cries after sex
jared leto can suck my
that demi lovato song make it stop
please
I'd rather hear Morgan Freeman talk me
through masturbation than hear Darius
Rucker sing a ballad Zac Brown man you
music used to be good and I could jam to
it but now it sucks major fix it holy
Lady Antebellum singing the national
anthem actually kind of makes me hate
America
Pharrell looks like a sewer rat John
Mayer looks like a booze-soaked turd
wrapped in a dumb and Dumberer tux so
adam levine is old thinking of
unfriending everyone on facebook whose
status update is Kid Rock concert was
awesome have a little respect for
yourself Mayer Hawthorne looks and
sounds like a Ke$ha is a crack
yeah Backstreet Boys
suck my Big Sean more like big dude I
don't know your music cuz I don't drive
a pickup and I don't sleep with my
sister
fair enough Katy Perry is the perfect
example of fit but annoying as Lil Wayne
looks like a crabapple
I don't know the crabapple way oh yeah
my big question about the followed by a
reunion crap is Pete Wentz still it yeah
yeah 2 Chainz looks like Whoopi Goldberg
[Applause]